Acdp 224 (#7)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/04a_ProcessActions.md

[!!Workflows](ActindoWorkFlow)

> # Process Actions

Author: ```suggestion
# Overview
```

> *Workflows > Process Actions*

Author: ```suggestion
*Workflows > Process Actions > Tab OVERVIEW*
```

![Actions](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/ProcessActions/ProcessActions.png "[Actions]")

> 

Author: **Actions**

> 

Author: ```suggestion
**Actions**
```

- *VIEW*  

> Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view. For detailed information, see [Create view](#create-view).

Author: s.o.

    Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

- *Status*  
Click the drop-down list to select a process status. The following options are available:  

    - **All**  
    Select this option to display all actions, regardless of their status.

    - **Active**  
    Select this option to display the actions that are currently active.

    - **Done**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have been already executed.  

    - **Error**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have given an error.

    - **Error; automatic retry**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have given an error but are set for automatic retry.

    > [Info] This setting depends on the action and is usually preconfigured.

    - **Suspended**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have been manually paused.

    - **Process aborted**  
    Select this option to display the actions included in a process that has been manually ended.

- ![Search](/Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)  

>     Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for an action.
```

- ![Refresh](/Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)  

>     Click this button to update the list of workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to update the list of actions.
```

- ![Columns](/Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)  
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The x indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)  

>     Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The x indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

Author: Abschnitt vor die Status drop-down list verschieben

>     Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The x indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.
```

> The list displays all process actions. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. When clicking a process action, the *Actions* tab of the corresponding process is displayed, see [Actions](03a_Processes.md#actions).

Author: ```suggestion
The list displays all actions that are matching the selected status. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.  Click an action, to display the corresponding process in the *Process ID* view, see [Process ID](03a_Processes.md#process-id).
```

> [comment]: <> (Jetzt etwas verwirrt zu den Verweisen: Auf Actions oder auf Proces ID verweisen? Wenn ich hier an andere Datei verweise, könnte ich genauso machen mit Create view and Rename view, oder? Das gilt auch für 06a_Logs.md mit den Verweisen auf Create / Rename view und Log ID).

Author: zu der log datei solltest du an entsprechender stelle auch verweisen. was meinst du mit create  und rename view? -> sollten wir besprechen

  - [x]    
  Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all actions in the list are selected.

>   Depending of the process status, the editing toolbar may display different options.

Author: ```suggestion
    Depending on the action status, the editing toolbar displays the following buttons:
```

>     - ![Retry](/Assets/Icons/Retry01.png "[Retry]") (Retry)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ![Retry](/Assets/Icons/Retry01.png "[Retry]") (Retry)  
```

    Click this button to retry the action. This button is displayed when the action status is *Error*.
    - ![Suspend](/Assets/Icons/Pause.png "[Suspend]") (Suspend)  
    Click this button to suspend the action temporarily. This button is displayed when the action status is *In Progress*. When clicking this button, the action status changes to *Suspended*.

>     - ![Start](/Assets/Icons/Play.png "[Start]") (Start)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ![Start](/Assets/Icons/Play.png "[Start]") (Start)  
```

>     Click this button to resume the action. This button is displayed when the action status is *In Progress*. When clicking this button, the action status changes again to *In Progress*. The warning sign in the *Suspended Actions* column of the *Processes* view is no longer displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to resume the action. This button is displayed when the action status is *Suspended*. When clicking this button, the action status changes again to *In Progress*. The warning sign in the *Suspended Actions* column of the *Processes* view is no longer displayed.
```

  Next point in time when the action is being tried.  

  > [Info] This setting depends on the action and is not available in all actions.

  - *Created*  
  Date of creation.

  - *Modified*  
  Date of modification.

[comment]: <> (Editing tool bar - icons Pause/Stop?)

  - *ID*  
  Action ID number.

  [comment]: <> (Oli fragen)

  - *Transition ID*  
  Transition ID number.

## Create view

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Points > Menu entry create*

![Create view](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/CreateView.png "[Create view]")

- *Name*  
Enter a name for the view.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel creating a view. The *Create view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]  
Click this button to save the new view. The *Create view* window is closed. The view is saved and displayed in the *View* drop-down list.

## Rename view

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Points > Menu entry rename*

![Rename view](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/RenameView.png "[Rename view]")

- *Name*  
Click the field to edit the view name.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel renaming a view. The *Rename view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]  

> Click this button to save the changes to the view name. The *Rename view* window is closed. The new name for the view is saved and displayed in the *View* drop-down list.

Author: vgl. mit Anmerkungen in Processes zu Actions tab

    Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

     > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed behind the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

    - ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
    Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

- *Status*  
Click the drop-down list to select a process status. The following statuses are available:  

    - **All**  
    Select this option to display all actions, regardless of their status.

    - **Active**  
    Select this option to display the actions that are currently active.

    - **Done**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have been already executed.  

    - **Error**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have given an error.

    - **Error; automatic retry**  
    Select this option to display the actions that have given an error but are set for automatic retry.

>     > [Info] This setting depends on the action and is usually preconfigured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
out of place
